You can add an inner stitch frame to make even more complex patterns! Just open the advanced controls pane and toggle "enabled" in the inner frame section!

You can make animations run even faster than the rabbit speed setting. To do do, choose the fourth or fifth value from the "BPM" dropdown, in the "Stitch Tempo" section of advanced controls. 

When you choose "List" as the "Stitch by" mode for a thread, you can specify whether you want the numbers in the list to be treated as hole numbers, or as amounts to add to each hole to determine its next connection point.

Inner frame threads can be woven into their outer frame, too! To connect a Thread's inner points to their nearest outer points, choose "Inner -> Outer (Bridge)" from the"Frame" dropdown in the Thread's card, within the "Threads" section of  Advanced Controls. Or, choose "Inner -> Outer (Projected)" to make the inner frame thread project directly to the outer frame at both ends of the stitch (even if there are no holes on the outer frame at those points)!

You can take your StitchLab pattern library with you from one device to the next! Just export it with the "export library" button at the bottom of the pattern library pane, get the expert file, and import it to another StitchLab with the "import library" button in the same pane. Don't worry about losing already-saved patterns in your new library, they'll still be there after running an import!

Advanced Controls aren't just for Stitching. Unique options can be found there for the other StitchLab experiences, too - like the "Parallel" Fractal Mode setting for Triangula. Go on, try it!

It's possible to blend colors where threads overlap. Wherever a thinner thread shares a stitch path over a thicker thread, both colors will be blended together. 

Need a fresh idea for a thread? Try reopening the app with its base URL: https://jburb.github.io/curve_stitcher/stitchlab.html

#TODO reference to Boole Sewing Cards viewer, once available

#TODO Find the acknowledgments, then view them all! There's a new song in it for you... (Once available)